When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

You might wish to use a remote repository when you are a contributor on a project.
Or you're working from a different computer and don't want to clone the entire 
repository onto it yet. 

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically 
stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Manually using git pull let's you choose what branch of the remote repository you want
to pull as well as which branch in the local repository you want it to be added to. 
When you have multiple branches, experimental versions of a project, and multiple 
contributors, the freedom that manual pulling provides will be helpful.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one 
instead of another? 

A fork is a clone of an existing repository on GitHub servers. Forking a GitHub repository
makes a copy of it onto your own GitHub page. However this is only on Github's server and 
not on any local computer of yours. A clone is a copy of any repository, not necessarily on
GitHub. A GitHub repository can be cloned, in which case it will appear locally on the 
computer you used to make the clone. Branches are different versions of a project within the 
same repository. The main or default branch in a git repository is called 'master'. Other
branches can be made as needed, for example when you want to add a new experimantal feature
to your code, or someone else wants to make their own version but not have them reflect in 
the original yet. Branches can be merged using git merge whenever you want the changes made on
one particular branch to reflect in version from other branches. 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

It lets you track the last known state of the remote repository on your local computer when
you're offline. This will help track changes you've made locally which are yet to be committed
to the remote. Also when you pull from the remote repository, git will first update the local copy 
of the remote and then try to merge the updated remote to the local. 

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would 
be harder?

Without using Git or GitHub I would prefer to collaborate in person with someone I have decided 
to work with. If the person lives in another place altogether then I would try to collaborate
over email only. This would make communication direct without having to go through GitHub first. 
But at the same time it would make keeping track of different versions and updates to the project
harder, and it would be difficult to know what areas of the code have been changed by someone 
unless they specify the lines changed each time. 

