What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

Using git init when you're in a directory initializes it as a git repository.
This makes it so that commits can be made and multiple versions of files in 
the repository can be tracked. It will also allow us to use other git commands 
such as git checkout or git diff as needed. 

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the 
repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is intermediate between a working directory and a git 
repository. It allows you to choose which files should be included in a 
particular commit. Using git add lets you add files to the staging area. 
Once all the necessary files have been chosen they will all be committed 
in the next commit. This is valuable since it offers the choice of not 
having to commit every single file in the repository each time you make 
a commit.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per 
logical change?
 
Only add the file with changes you wish to reflect in the next commit 
to the staging area.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your 
history organized? How would branches help?

Branches would be especially helpful when you wish to add an experimental
new feature to your code. You do not want this change to become official, 
Creating a branch allows you to try out such a change without affecting 
the master version. A branch can be checked out using git checkout. 

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Drawing the diagrams helps you understand what branches there are and
at which particular commit they were first made. 

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent 
it in the diagram the way we do?

Using git merge merges a specified branch into the branch that was 
currently checked out. It makes a new commit, keeping changes made up 
to the most recent commits on both branches. This new commit has two 
parent commits, the two most recent commits from the branches that 
were merged. (A merge can be performed on multuple branches; merge commits
can have multiple parents). The original branch being merged still exists,
along with all its commits. 

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing 
merges manually?

The automatic merging can be very time saving especially when large files
are being merged and there would be a lot of lines to go through manually.
It also points out when same sections of code were changed on two different
commits being merged, making sure that the user is notified and can check
which version of the code to keep, or how to best resolve the conflict. 